Updated README.md for VM installs (#103)
nephio-project/test-infra: e2e/provision/README.md

                sudo journalctl -u google-startup-scripts.service --follow
```

## Installing on a pre-provisioned VM

This install has been verified on VMs running on Openstack, AWS, and Azure. 

### VM Prerequisites

Order or create a VM with the following specification:

- Linux Flavour: Ubuntu-22.04-jammy
- 16 cores
- 32 GB memory
- 200 GB disk size
- default user with sudo passwordless permissions

**Configure a route for Kubernetes**

> In some instllations, the IP range used by Kubernetes in the sandbox can clash with the IP address used by your VPN. In such cases, the VM will become unreachable during the sandbox installation. To avoid this situation, add the route below on your VM.

Reviewer: typo

                sudo journalctl -u google-startup-scripts.service --follow
```

## Installing on a pre-provisioned VM

This install has been verified on VMs running on Openstack, AWS, and Azure. 

### VM Prerequisites

Order or create a VM with the following specification:

> - Linux Flavour: Ubuntu-22.04-jammy
> - 16 cores
> - 32 GB memory

Reviewer 2: Let's standardize the flavor and OS
```suggestion
- Linux Flavour: Ubuntu-20.04-focal
- 8 cores
- 32 GB memory
```

Author: Done.

network:
  ethernets:
    <interface-name>:
      routes:
        - to: 172.18.2.6/32
          via: <interface-gateway-ip>
          metric: 100
  version: 2
EOF'

sudo netplan apply
```

### Kick off installation on VM

Log onto your VM and run the following command:

```bash
wget -O - https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nephio-project/test-infra/main/e2e/provision/init.sh |  \
sudo NEPHIO_DEBUG=false   \
     NEPHIO_USER=ubuntu  \
     bash
```

The following environment variables can be used to configure the installation:

| Variable               | Values           | Default Value | Description                                            |
| ---------------------- | ---------------- | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| NEPHIO_USER            | userid           | ubuntu        | The user to install the sandbox on (must have sudo passwordless permissions) |
| NEPHIO_DEBUG           | false or true    | false         | Controls debug output from the install                 |
| NEPHIO_DEPLOYMENT_TYPE | r1 or one-summit | r1            | Controls the type of installation to be carried out    |

> | RUN_E2E                | false or true    | false         | false: install management cluster only<br>true: install management and  workload clusters |
> | NEPHIO_REPO            | URL              | https://github.com/nephio-project/test-infra.git |URL of repo to use for installation |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| RUN_E2E                | false or true    | false         | Determines whether the End-to-End tests are going to be executed |
| NEPHIO_REPO            | URL              | https://github.com/nephio-project/test-infra.git | URL of the repository to be used for installation |
```

Author: Done, thanks for correcting the RUN_E2E description, I misunderstood that flag.
